# MonitoringBusinessPerformance

This is an industry partner capstone project by Generasi Gigih 3.0 and PT Toko Dizital Teknologi, using dummy data generated by Faker. The goal of this project is to fulfill Toko Dizital’s need for a business performance dashboard to monitor vendor transactions data and improve decision-making.

The developed dashboard will provide insights on key performance indicators, empowering the COO to make informed decisions quickly. By visualizing metrics such as sales trends and transaction rates, the dashboard will enhance the overall understanding of business performance.

# TODO's
-[x] Creating a business plan analysis.
-[x] Generating dummy data.
-[x] Performing descriptive statistics and hypotheses testing on the data.
-[x] Developing a dashboard.

# Scope of the Project
The scope included creating and designing an easy-to-use dashboard and integrating with existing data sources.

# Descriptive Statistics
1. There are a total of 438,000 transactions in the dataset. This count provides an overview of the size of dataset.
2. The mean transaction amount is approximately Rp 29.994. This value represents the central tendency or average transaction size in dataset.
3. The minimum transaction amount is Rp 10.000, while the maximum is Rp 49.999. These values give an idea of the range covered by the transaction amounts in dataset.
5. Quartiles (25%, 50%, 75%):
  - 25% (Q1): 25% of transactions have an amount below Rp 20.013.
  - (Median or Q2): The median amount is Rp 29.972, meaning half of the transactions have amounts below this value.
  - 75% (Q3): 75% of transactions have an amount below Rp 39.993.

These quartiles provide insights into the distribution of transaction amounts.

# Project Outcome
The end goal is to provide Toko Dizital with a powerful tool to monitoring business performance, enabling proactive and follow-up strategies for business growth.
Check the dashboard  [here](https://lookerstudio.google.com/reporting/69cf01da-3641-44f4-b5d5-f3d2cb9b076d/page/zRniD).

# Contributors
- Lis Wahyuni
- Angga Chandra Putra
- Adhitya Aldira Hardy
- Berliani Larasati
- I Kadek Anom Sukawirasa Putra
- Kurnivan Noer Yusvianto
